the new era games playstation games
3 playstation 4 and xbox one in media
digital
Come on, let's go guys at youtube, beauty.
whoever speaks one more time is not bringing
more people for you are all very
more welcome to my channel
people right now I'm here to bring
For you another video of gta where I
I'm going to do another race and with my
subscribers will then be on ramps and motorcycles
it's a race created by another band
created by pee
so let's go the show can not
stop approaching by speeding everything up here
Calling the crowd is as soon as you are.
I'll vote you guys, lets go there guys
we go back here as it says there already
slaughter because I'm sending 8
troubadour we are here ready to
get this bag or walk
custom hit right confirm here
continue to bet 500 cruise on
2000 2000 since 2000 ac change your mind
confrontation now I'll wait for the guys
beautiful and I wanted to thank you all
section of the clan to be always playing and
with me every time I call without
problems from guys then so let's go
strengthen our when it came one day to
a thousand members so it was pretty cool then
Let's see, let's go, the show can not stop.
I also wanted to thank the japanese speaker
japan already count on me here in natal
japan is an hour's brother also
so come on
what counts a lot in this race ghost
I talked to you when I talked
in that line the kick goes there giving
that beautiful accelerated no longer come out
with a fuel
Come on, Rosaline, come on.
we ended up sleeping in my face on
Taiwan wall good thing have to climb the
container ramp you have to climb
she stepping up otherwise steep at first
here you only have to hit the bike empin
So I made some good water.
I already went straight through the chain when the
checkpoint putaquepariu partner check
Old point but the races are very
crazy
8 You do not know where you Nancy does not know
where municipal walked right was so
I just got there quickly.
direct and we go here I think now
the pa
I took the check point I did not get more
I'm not going to die either
now it's time that I've been so
fast as I went straight through
checkpoint I believe that the card is
mess but then not that good would htw
die there we will give restored
Quick, we 're here all Friday.
The world is splitting here tomorrow I believe
always at speed pretty fuck
look at the tram on the mobile
totaled how much is falling restoring
Evolve will get the check point with
you up here too is fucking here is more
complicated I saw this race once
here but I could not finish it
I was on the bike without professionalization.
come on speeding here we come
that we are going to give another episode that more
A good pada frog I got one more
checkpoint here I got the other one too
I already died
so let's go people lets go here
accelerating hard every time I 'm
recording someone running here at home
You need to talk to me and I
I'll finish it, then we 'll go
here continuing to the cni this bagasse
So here you have to get a speed
reasonable
illegal here you flake yourself you
can not reach good reach for
beauty dying is the reach of death
given is already in 2nd v
according to Tarsus, then let's go guys
Come on, kid, since it comes in seconds.
It's going to go a lot, not me.
what to win to hold my two
thousand and five hundred grams there that I
I bet 2 2000 dilma that I really liked it
Samara issued the hospital ribs
old man was there who can profit from the laboratory
one more race remembering that this
race and the link will stay in the description
You just go there.
sure you want to play with your clan with
Your galera with your friends.
then this race will become one more
of our clan's races and at night
concluded
and when you see the
contact and lithium all come to
play the races there with the clan eacute
that will crowd comes because you do not
they will regret
we are simply doing several
races there every day I record race
people ask the time but the time
I do not have proper hours.
always talk at this time between 10
in the morning and between 10 o'clock in the morning
simply and until about 17 I'll be
recording so you see I'll try to do
a schedule of a whole worked schedule
Our lady where I'm going to go hangs
grab handle
I can not get a fixed schedule
For you, but I do not promise right now.
but apodi normally in the period of the
later in the day, usually in the
late in the morning in the morning is more difficult is
someone usually our lady or
pass straight through checkpoint ohana
moto is the nintendo ramp too see it
here's an old part of the time here at
parking
Only now I can not go through a
time that I did not get to toyota now
The singer does not want to kessy that I am.
here forget the rampage there then the
people will see the government managed to trace
a schedule but I have already seen who are light here
in the afternoon and then you can
play with me there I go again in the same
neighborhood
I passed by the old man, you 're very quiet.
strong have you turned on or are you going
to the point of not reaching the
half the situation
you go too fast here again the
not enough motherfucker
I'll try to do it now, it's different and I'll
try to take the ramp in the opposite direction
the approval of the goodness of advice is not
On the straight here at least I fell in
top
the pachuca now there now and has now
gave and now gave olé kibot mandate or
accelerate on that pay there we continue here
second and at the end of the race that O
I did not finish the race, I did not finish the race.
so bro, it was crazy.
size there simon
And you're saying you fell out of trouble if
worth the presence of the doll and 4300
2,950 xisco grange out that galley
If you liked, do not forget to leave your
home while he was a favorite in front of
a study that initially focused on
sign up to follow another 20
social networks for 14h
This is unconstitutional when you do not
can by no I also made gta
which is part
thank you very much at all
stay with god until the next video
strong hug kiss in these your bulls
likes guards and I went